update instructions for reference software (#59)
AOMediaCodec/libiamf: code/README.md

    $ make
~~~

### Dylib builds

A dylib (shared object) build of the IAMF library is enabled by default.
~~~
    $ cmake .
    $ make
~~~

### Cross compiling

For the purposes of building the IAMF and applications and relative to the
scope of this guide, all builds for architectures differing from the native host
architecture will be considered cross compiles. The IAMF CMake build handles
cross compiling via the use of toolchain files included in the AV1 repository.
The toolchain files available at the time of this writing are:

- x86_64-mingw-gcc.cmake

NOTE: Only x86_64 mingw cross compiling is available currently, in a future version we can consider adding more.  
Please note that all dependent codec and external libraries should have been cross compiling already.

The following example demonstrates use of the x86_64-mingw-gcc.cmake toolchain file on
a x86\_64 Windows host:

~~~
    $ cmake ./ -DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE=build/cmake/toolchains/x86_64-mingw-gcc.cmake
    $ make
~~~

### Microsoft Visual Studio builds

Building the IAMF library in Microsoft Visual Studio is supported. Visual
Studio 2015 (14.0) solution has been provided.

Open win32/VS2015/iamf.sln directly.

> ## Testing the IAMF

Reviewer: To address issue #57 , instructions for conformance testing should be included.

### 1. Build application

> iamfplayer is is a test application used to decode IAMF bitstream or mp4 file which is IAMF encapsulation.

Reviewer: some typos here. How about this:

The iamfplayer is a test application to decode an IAMF bitstream or mp4 file with IAMF encapsulation.

~~~
    $ cd test/tools/iamfplayer

    $ cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=${BUILD_LIBS} .
    # ${BUILD_LIBS} is the iamf library and header files installing directory.
    # If enable binaural rendering, add option `BINAURALIZER`

    $ make
~~~

### 2. Decoder tests

> If want to run binaural cases, please download [default.tf](https://github.com/ebu/bear/releases/download/v0.0.1-pre/default.tf) file into your executing directory.

Reviewer: How about replacing the line by:
To produce binaural output, please download the following file and place it in your working directory [default.tf](https://github.com/ebu/bear/releases/download/v0.0.1-pre/default.tf).

> If want to run binaural cases, please download [default.tf](https://github.com/ebu/bear/releases/download/v0.0.1-pre/default.tf) file into your executing directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To produce binaural output, please download the following file and place it in your working directory [default.tf](https://github.com/ebu/bear/releases/download/v0.0.1-pre/default.tf).
```
